Notify support documentation (#104)
alphagov/re-team-manual: source/documentation/notify.md

Notify uses [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) for displaying metrics  and [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) for metric collection on its PaaS infrastructure. 

The RE-Team Manual has a section on [Prometheus For GDS PaaS Users](https://re-team-manual.cloudapps.digital/prometheus-for-gds-paas-users.html#content) which outlines the monitoring and alerting service for GDS PaaS tenants.

Notify also uses [CloudWatch](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/WhatIsCloudWatch.html) metrics for its infrastructure components in AWS.

### Grafana dashboards

Accessing Notify's Grafana dashboards:

1. Navigate to PaaS's central Grafana account: [grafana-paas.cloudapps.digital](https://grafana-paas.cloudapps.digital).
2. Choose the "Sign in with Google" login option to authenticate via a GDS email account.
3. From the "Home Copy" dropdown, select "Notify" to view the available Notify dashboards.

Notify has three dashboards: 

- [Document Download](https://grafana-paas.cloudapps.digital/d/FwXIHjiiz)

- [Notify Apps](https://grafana-paas.cloudapps.digital/d/aCYK0WDik)

- [Postgres](https://grafana-paas.cloudapps.digital/d/SYlv1gAmz)

### CloudWatch dashboards

> **Prerequisites: the [GDS CLI](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-cli) and [YubiKey](https://re-team-manual.cloudapps.digital/yubikeys.html#yubikeys) setup are required to access CloudWatch metrics.** 

Reviewer: It's not strictly required, but would make people lives easier. 🤔

Author: I updated the branch with a commit to reflect these suggestions. Marking this as resolved.

Once GDS CLI and YubiKey configuration is set up, open a new terminal window and run:

```
$ gds aws <some-notify-service>
```

> This command will prompt a GPG key sign-in process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will prompt a sign-in process with the use of MFA stored on a YubiKey.
```

On successful sign in, a browser window will open on the Notify service CloudWatch landing page.

## Checking Logs

Notify uses [Kibana](https://www.elastic.co/products/kibana) for collecting application logs and CloudWatch for logs related to its AWS infrastructure.

System logs for infrastructure in PaaS can be accessed by creating a support ticket with the PaaS team.

### Kibana

Follow the RE Team Manual's ["Getting started with Logit"](https://reliability-engineering.cloudapps.digital/logging.html#content) instructions to access Kibana logs.

### CloudWatch

Follow the accessing [CloudWatch dashboards](#cloudwatch-dashboards) instructions.

## Testing SMS and Email

> **Prerequisites: a Notify Admin account is required to test SMS and email notifications.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Prerequisites: an account on Notifications admin portal with access to any organisation is required to test SMS and email notifications.**
```
